[docs] Add note about DuckDB in lakeFS WebUI to DuckDB integrations page (#6208)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/integrations/duckdb.md

COPY sampled_population TO 's3://example-repo/main/data/population/sample.parquet'; -- actual write happens here
```

> ## Using DuckDB in the lakeFS Web Interface

Reviewer: Usually in the docs we reference it as UI or web UI I think

Author: thanks, fixed.

The lakeFS web UI includes DuckDB in the Object viewer page. 

![DuckDB query editor on the lakeFS objects page](/assets/img/duckdb.png)

Using this you can query objects in lakeFS directly using a `lakefs` path: 

    lakefs://<repository>/<branch>/object/path/foo.parquet

> The DuckDB query editor is provided by [DuckDB WASM](https://github.com/duckdb/duckdb-wasm). It will be used to render and provide querying capabilities for any objects of the following types:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DuckDB query editor is provided by [DuckDB WASM](https://github.com/duckdb/duckdb-wasm). It renders and provides querying capabilities for any objects of the following types:
```
